Oh
Casa Blanca city of hope and despair
located in French Morocco in North
Africa the meeting place of adventurers
fugitives criminals refugees lured into
this danger swept to a sis
by the hope of escape to the Americas
but they're all trapped for there is no
escape against this fascinating
background is woven the story of an
imperishable love and the enthralling
saga of six desperate people each in
Casablanca to keep an appointment with
destiny I was willing to shoot captain
Renault and I'm willing to shoot you
alright major you asked for it
you're new much I love how much I still
I know I could do more about you than
you suspect I know for instance that you
in love with a woman it's perhaps a
strange circumstance if you both that
you'd love the same woman what do you
want for Sam
I'll buy and sell human being let's do
bear there's Casablanca sleeving
commodity you can ask any price you want
but you must give me those letters I
tried to reason with you I tried it now
I want those letters
you